---
description: This document will show you how to connect your Ledger device to SubWallet.
---

# Connect Ledger device

### Supported Ledger devices

Currently, SubWallet supports these Ledger devices via **USB portal** only:

* Ledger Nano S
* Ledger Nano S Plus
* Ledger Nano X
* Ledger Stax
* Ledger Flex

### Types of Ledger apps

Currently, there are 4 types of Ledger apps available for connecting your Ledger device. Review and select the relevant article based on the type that best fits your needs.

#### Network-specific apps

To connect your Ledger via these apps, choose the network's app on your Ledger and select the corresponding network on SubWallet.

For example, to connect Ledger Avail account(s) to SubWallet, you need to choose the Avail app on your Ledger and then select the "**Avail**" option on SubWallet.

{% content-ref url="connect-ledger-device/connect-via-network-specific-apps.md" %}
[connect-via-network-specific-apps.md](connect-ledger-device/connect-via-network-specific-apps.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

#### EVM apps

To connect your Ledger via these apps, choose the network's app on your Ledger and select the "**EVM networks**" option on SubWallet.

For example, to connect Ledger Moonbeam account(s) to SubWallet, you need to choose the Moonbeam app on your Ledger and then select the "**EVM networks**" option on SubWallet.

{% content-ref url="connect-ledger-device/connect-via-evm-apps.md" %}
[connect-via-evm-apps.md](connect-ledger-device/connect-via-evm-apps.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

#### Polkadot app

The Polkadot app lets your Ledger device to sign transactions on **all Substrate-based networks** as long as they have undergone runtime updates (e.g. Polkadot, Polkadot Asset Hub - Statemint).

{% hint style="warning" %}
To use this app, make sure that the Polkadot app installed in your Ledger is on version v100.0.5 and above.
{% endhint %}

{% content-ref url="connect-ledger-device/connect-via-the-polkadot-app.md" %}
[connect-via-the-polkadot-app.md](connect-ledger-device/connect-via-the-polkadot-app.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

#### Polkadot Migration app

Before using this app, make sure the network you want to connect to has undergone runtime updates. To check if a network has performed this action, visit the [Parachains Metadata dashboard](https://dashboards.data.paritytech.io/metadata.html). If it hasn't, continue using the corresponding Ledger app.

This app is designed for users to migrate tokens to the address generated by the Polkadot app and needs to be used when:

* User has assets on a network that has updated its runtime (e.g., having KSM on the Kusama app)
* User has assets stuck on a network that has updated its runtime (e.g., having KAR stuck on the Kusama app)

{% content-ref url="connect-ledger-device/connect-via-the-polkadot-migration-app.md" %}
[connect-via-the-polkadot-migration-app.md](connect-ledger-device/connect-via-the-polkadot-migration-app.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}
